Sonera we have a list of key word ideas.
We want to do next.
And the second part of our key research process is really to narrow down that list by looking at the
data in the Google Keyword planner tool.
We really want to make a data driven decision about what keywords we're going after and where we're
going to invest or as CEO first.
So I'm going to show you how to find the monthly search volumes for each keyword in agoo a planner too
.
And also how to look for terms that are really going to give high conversion and result in a sale or
sign up wanted to try and avoid general keywords because usually they have a much lower conversion.
So let's get straight into this.
So the first step for you if you haven't already done will be create a Google Adwords it can't at Google
AdWords is the advertising platform of Google and the keyword planner to is a part of that.
It's free to use all you need to do is follow the prompts and set up an account.
Sometimes people say that they see them being pushed towards creating an ad you don't need to do this
.
But if Google does kind of push you down that path you can always just go up to Tools keyword planner
will be brought back to this page here.
And then this is really where we can start a process of.
So once we're in the Google Keyword planner to what we want to do is command to get search volume data
and trends because we already have a large list of keywords.
We can just paste those straight into this section.
We're going to be able to see what the monthly search volume is.
So then here you can use the targeting and you can limit the search volume that you want to see for
a particular country.
And because I think a lot of the markets say if I was 7 growns would be from the U.S. I'm just going
to keep that as a you as targeting let's search and see what comes up.
So this is fantastic.
Now Google is actually showing me how many searches on average in google there are for these exact keywords
so I can see for drone on average per month in the United States there's over 200000 searches for this
term which is really fantastic for us to see.
So how do we start to narrow down this list.
Well the first thing is to look at the keyword itself.
If you were to tie yourself drone into the Google search box do you think you'd be ready to buy a drone
.
Do you think you would be and know much about drones.
Probably not.
You probably if you're typing that into Google you'd be maybe interested in drones.
Want to find out what they are the different types you would be much higher up the firing funnel.
Evy maybe getting interested is something like quadcopter if a person types that into Google clearly
they know maybe two different types of drones and they're looking to find more information on the specific
type of drone you type in drones for sale.
Obviously you're looking to maybe buying drones lots of great keywords to try and rank for it because
it's going to lead to sail sale as similar to the UAV as we saw.
This is maybe a different category of drones so obviously the person knows a little bit more about drones
parody or drone.
Someone obviously knows if they're talking in this into maybe this is the best type of drone.
And they were very interested in maybe buying this drone or getting more information about it.
So that's the first thing we want to look at the keyword itself and really the intention behind somebody
if they type that into google and we want to pick the keywords that will maybe result in much higher
conversions or more specific terms the better second thing we want to look at is the average monthly
search volumes.
Obviously these last specific terms draw higher amounts of average searches per month.
But also that average number of searches then draws more competitors other people trying to as CEO rank
their sites from those terms so it's really better to try and get lower monthly searches.
You know maybe above 2000 as a minimum.
And if we can couple that with a more specific term that's going to lead to less competition and higher
converting keywords.
So let's start actually building a new list and what we can do is just organize this list in terms of
starting with the top Monkley searches.
I'm going to skip all of these first to because I think they're not specific enough and that high volume
is going to draw a lot of competition from as CEO.
So what we can do is click this button.
It's going to build up a new list here and this is kind of the stuff that we want to be going for some
more specific still are a good search volume might still be a little bit too competitive for us.
But let's keep going down the way s I think this is a particular and I and yet trone camera.
I think that's Nixy.
I love this up.
This is a specific type of drone.
So if you could build a web site around that to get right for that are drones look best drones see it
can see still very good search falling for these drones of folly.
This is very specific and I mean that can be a great video.
Great blog post and a link to even Amazon to sell the best drones that follow you drone reviews.
That could be something else he could ring for as well and our copter.
So let's look at this.
This is I've seen the brand name.
Not as much search volume this maybe not as competitive as the A or perish one that we saw Accenture
.
So don't go pro Goodwin.
So essentially that's what you're going to want to do.
And another consideration that you can have is at how many many people are advertising for these and
these Keywood So this competition here this is this.
This isn't the competition of have heart.
It is too rank for these key words in search engines.
This is how many people are actually bidding on this keyword in terms of advertising.
It'll give you a sense maybe of how valuable the term is.
And so what you can do next is after you've looked at the keywords themselves and the average monthly
searches you can start to look at the suggested bid so you can see here that although there's a very
low number of searches only 90 searches per month on average in the U.S. The amount of people bidding
for this keyword is quite high and they're built.
They're building up to $12 per click for that one keyword which probably makes sense over the long run
because drone insurance cost someone types that into google.
They're looking to insure their drone which means they probably if they have a drone they've already
spent a couple of thousand on that which makes sense for them to buy insurance.
So this is something if you're in that industry and you wanted to you know rank for that term you could
probably you know that that's a very high that's a very valuable term if someone is to spend $12 for
12 years one click.
You know if you were to rank for that term you'd have a lot of highly valuable traffic.
Same some other stuff here.
So let's not get into her list as well drone insurance coverage.
So there's another key word is fellated drone.
UAV insurance similar term as well actually has higher searches per mode and much lower costs.
If I were if I were these guys I'd be I'd be paying for this term because I get more searches for less
money and UAV insurances will go even higher.
Let's keep moving then you have the insurance cost.
That's this insurance UAV training.
This is pretty interesting ones if you had a training course.
And you know that if you were to build traffic for that it would be quite Followill.
So that's just another way to look at this information from a conversion point of view and also see
how valuable that traffic might be.
And then what you can do is take that list and paste it back into maybe your second your second sheet
on this key research workbook and they've got to narrow down the list of terms that you think are good
search volume and but also that could result in high conversions.
And that's really what you want.